this is a video to show you what Kendall
Lord Garmadon can do I made it up and
its feet first step you just have to
attach his body to his legs Tendo body
on on his body put his head on and then
the kendo helmet and then I call this
thinner the alien Rumble because the
colors are like a bumblebee and it's
like alien shooters and it's on Kai's
and so you place him in and there you go
and it's fun it's an easy way to win if
you're battling someone home
it's wrong and it could even make Elton
Kendall's like Kendall boy for instance
like last time just put the tender stuff
on his face he has two different faces
all you needs face number one and
scandal and wait I forgot its key so let
me get the song
put him on your spinner and his feet
don't fit let's use other feet please
with Garmadon dads this is like him when
he's older
that's fun